# LLM-eval-survey
> A collection of papers and resources related to Evaluation on Large Language Model.  
> The papers are organized according to our survey: A Survey on Evaluation of Large Language Models
# Table of Contents
# What to evaluate
## Natural language processing
### Sentiment analysis
## Robustness, ethics, biases, and trustworthiness
## Medical application
## Social science
1. Large language models can be used to estimate the ideologies of politicians in a zero-shot learning setting. _Patrick Y. Wu et al._ arXiv 2023. [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2303.12057)]
2. Can large language models transform computational social science? _Caleb Ziems et al._ arXiv 2023. [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.03514)]
3. How ready are pre-trained abstractive models and llms for legal case judgement summarization. _Aniket Deroy et al._ arXiv 2023. [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.01248)]
4. Large Language Models as Tax Attorneys: A Case Study in Legal Capabilities Emergence. _John J. Nay et al._ arXiv 2023. [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.07075)]
## Natural science and engineering
### Mathematics
1. How well do Large Language Models perform in Arithmetic tasks? _Zheng Yuan et al._ arXiv 2023. [[paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2304.02015)]
2. Have LLMs Advanced Enough? A Challenging Problem Solving Benchmark For Large Language Models.
3. An empirical study on challenging math problem solving with gpt-4.
4. Evaluating language models for mathematics through interactions.
5. Investigating the effectiveness of chatgpt in mathematical reasoning and problem solving: Evidence from the vietnamese national high school graduation examination.
### Science
1. Evaluating the feasibility of chatgpt in healthcare: an analysis of multiple clinical and research scenarios.
2. Have llms advanced enough? a challenging problem solving benchmark for large language models.
### Engineering
1. Is your code generated by chatgpt really correct? rigorous evaluation of large language models for code generation.
2. Chatgpt: A study on its utility for ubiquitous software engineering tasks.
3. Large language models still can’t plan (a benchmark for llms on planning and reasoning about change).
4. On the planning abilities of large language models–a critical investigation.
5. Understanding the capabilities of large language models for automated planning.
## Other tasks
# Where to evaluate
# How to evaluate
